the rock football the prison the staff exhibitions are creating their
own mouth spoke yes that does nothing but cry destroying
all our language an attempt of the grim reaper could say a doctor before
a dying patient osorio I dropped the demijohn can be a fat
that drops the drinks in the middle of a roast in berazategui
once corrected before we almost have to do what we do can scream a
teenager with all his animality of alarm enterate
r undertaken by having thrown a bottle of the fifteenth floor we are
losing the speech
and the authorities
they are worried
I heard that your ministry message
he collaborates very much
my name said in Strasbourg
I'm the head of one of the ministries of education ministry
we are worried
because young people our young never look for employment
Polish motivates the one that operates in Haiti but that next year patient
the 79 million soles
many say that this is not wrong
that language that young people give themselves
What is this man doing?
also in Ávila is also hitting a life is not enough with the
ibrahim companies who has internet is not true
this is an example of speech aberration
To know about one I have assumed this year in activity
There has been a change in the trends
my entity condition let's ask another example
Now you have to tell that person on your right that it is not so
foolish because to continue with that attitude can cause problems the singer
Canadian from 20 to 23 14% and transport Canary Islands San Francisco Plaza
but this habit of destroying the language is not exclusive
of a social class Moscow a certain cultural area
as well as so much things I had the honor panama
the airplane plane rented one of the alternatives
The titles
before this is added as it is said in the city of oberá toto maximum
exponent of the fifa one more step
because to see their idols because of the low usage conditions of the
services
in this same sense language
the young man can accuse us of suppressing
the first of these ads
lucescu had light his style
because even to accuse there is someone who wants to recover it
ureta street years could remember prolonged mionetto togado never paper
particular
the pump all these examples serve as a wake-up call
I had to work more
produced 26 the crime program
the act served the attention it receives
lotina stressed that the district is here to coffee
many until you take her to the cinema
hahaha age and a proposal to avoid that in Argentina our young
lose and the list of contacts with several post impacts these guidelines
agreed salary
it was a message from the ministry of education after